
z5162397.txt

update this file every week with your new
contributions to the team and the project.
You should include in this diary the following information (if applicable) about the
project progress:
- what was planned for the period since the last work diary entry
- what was finished
- what were the main technical and non-technical obstacles and how they were
overcome (or what was tried and did not work)
- what was not finished, why this happened, how this affects the overall project
progress and what adjustments (if any) are needed so the success of the project is not
endangered
- what is planned for the next period (e.g., next week)

Week 1:
Still in Turkey until Tuesday Week 2. Boaz and I have been in touch about ideas for the project, we will soon create a shortlist
of our preferred apps. We discussed what we have experience in, and so far a stack of Apache Lucene for search, Java backend, React and TypeScript frontend is
what we're thinking of working with. We are still waiting on replies from other group members. Currently TODO is setting up communications (likely Discord), 
Jira and github, as well as connecting our accounts to github classroom.  

Week 2:
Our group is more established now, we have decided on doing the recipe project. The Soup Kitchen discord is active, & we have started 
collaborative documents for the idea board, user stories and user flow diagrams. We still need to decide on a plan for the API, perhaps Springboot. 
Boaz has suggested making a google form we can share for friends to submit recipes that we can populate the database with - otherwise we will most
likely find a dataset that can be adjusted to add tags / meal types etc. 
We have allocated roles but still need to decide who will be helping me on the frontend. The main task for this week is writing the proposal, & 
making sure we are on the same page for objectives -> epics -> user stories etc. I will be making wireframes on Figma starting next week. 
Current plan for novel ideas is cookbooks and an extended recommendation system. 

Week 3:
We have made some progress on the user stories, although need to update it for our new novel idea: drink recommendations. Dylan approved the idea, 
we still need to flesh out the functionality. I've made several wireframes, although they are too detailed and I need to focus on concise, communicative
diagrams. We realised we have not attached any user story ids to wireframes / user flows, so that will be a priority before the demo next week. 
I've started a basic home page with react, and am trying to separate as much as possible into simple components - this should give us a good amount of reusable
code and make it simpler for whoever is helping me on the frontend. 

Week 4:
Finished login, landing and feed. The auth on the backend still needs some updating to show names/emails are taken. 
Landing displays dummy recipes but cannot show a feed yet. We need to start integrating basic auth to be able to effectively start working 
on other features in the next sprint. 

Week 5:
First demo went okay, although I could not be present. We had to use our Jira more effectively and set weekly meetings to ensure we stay
on track. 

Week 6:
Flex week, was mostly working/away.
Friday meetings are consistent and we are keen to start on the next sprint. Backend has started working on recipe functionality 
and we are hoping to move away from using dummy databases on the frontend. 

Week 7:
The frontend is looking a lot cleaner, we have been using the wireframes effectively. Organisation is still an issue, and we are behind in
integrating. Working on multiple features at the same time is difficult. Api is looking great and is extremely useful for ensuring
we are fetching and receiving correctly between the backend and frontend. 

Week 8:
Had conversation with team about ids and login/logout. Integrating is finally happening with some success, although we are 
suffering some consequences from starting new features before previous ones are implemented. 

Week 9:
Moving towards final demo, integration is in full swing. Can log in, log out, display recipes and view users. Having some trouble implementing 
cookbooks. Having pages and components effectively separated has been very helpful for fixing bugs. 

Week 10: 
Final demo was okay, however some git troubles meant the wrong version was being used in the demo. This week will be smoothing out a lot of 
small bugs and refining the css on the frontend. 
